Fix/readme (#14)
rarimo/zkverifier-kit: README.md

## Introduction

This repository is an SDK for connecting external services with Rarimo passport

> verification and voting systems that may be used in back-end services. Its main purpose is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passport and voting proof verification system that may be used in back-end services. Its main purpose is 
```

)

func main() {

> 	passportVerifier := root.NewPoseidonSMTVerifier(rpcURL, contractAddress, reqTimeout)

Reviewer: This is not general usage. Add headers: Passport, Voting, etc.

}
```

```go
package main

import (
	kit "github.com/rarimo/zkverifier-kit"
	"github.com/rarimo/zkverifier-kit/root"
)

func main() {
	pollVerifier := root.NewProposalSMTVerifier(rpcURL, reqTimeout)
	
	v, err := kit.NewVerifier(
		nil,
		kit.WithProofType(kit.PollParticipation),
		kit.WithVerificationKeyFile("key.json"),
		kit.WithEventID("304358862882731539112827930982999386691702727710421481944329166126417129570"),
	)
	if err != nil {
		// ...
	}
	// data is an abstract event data that you expect to be in proof
	err = v.VerifyProof(proof,
		kit.WithPollParticipationEventID(pollEventID) ,
		kit.WithPollRootVerifier(v.WithContract(pollContract)))
	if err != nil {
		// ...
	}
}
```
Let's break this down.

### Configurable root verifier

Firstly, you instantiate identity root verifier, which will verify the
`IdStateRoot` public signal with contract call. You can refer to our
generated contract bindings in [poseidonsmt](internal/poseidonsmt) and [proposalsmt](internal/proposalsmt) package.
However, maybe, you would like to create the verifier from config map.

Here is configuration sample that you should have in `config.yaml` of your app:
```yaml

> verifier:

Reviewer: Add examples of using config. It might be either ProvideVerifier() with specified Type or custom initialization without Provider.
